hi welcome to Eddie's another survival
skill video and today we are going to be
cooking food on noodles and we are going
to take it to another level
not just adding soup flavoring but some
cuttlefish balls and some Chinese bok
choy and leave your little nick
vegetable with it so let's start by
showing you how we prepare and clean bok
choy I like to cut off the ends so this
way we could easily wash them cleanly
because all the dirt is in the base of
the the bok choy which is separate it I
already pre wash all of all of this so
for sake of saving time now and let's
move on to food on noodles you can pick
up many of these type of food on noodles
in just about every grocery store under
the Sun so we open this up and put it
time order to see to see your time I
really pre open any of five of them and
here we go I have already started a pot
of water here and in this pot of water I
have added a can of chicken broth so I
don't have I don't have to I don't have
to use so much of the soup flavoring
that it comes in a package but I will
add for the sake of flavoring that it's
for this type of noodles I will add
about maybe a couple packs of this
and you see this is so simple and it
will come very close to what you'll find
in a typical Japanese restaurant here
where we had in our our fish balls you
could add any other type of meat but
this comes closer to a lot of the Asian
flavoring and we'll let that ball just a
little bit
since this could takes a little bit
longer to cook I'll let this cook a
little bit first before I add in the
vegetables now like I've said earlier we
don't have to use bok choy we could just
use any clothes and vegetable and it'll
work just fine we get a little bit here
however much that you want to make I'm
making almost I'm making five servings
here
so it just comes up to a boil and just a
minute
I am going to start to
at Fudan noodles and we don't want to
boil the udon noodles too long otherwise
they lose all their texture in the way
they're supposed to be so let's start
adding them down who knows
Circle Lotus a little bit
for understimated
a lot of soup that I originally put in
there this all take some of it out
Oh
some of those vets going
and let that come up to a boil a little
bit and we are gonna and we're done
so you could get some of the noodles
start separating them a little bit
as you could see we're cooking very
nicely
[Music]
so this does Potter noodles beemo serve
five cost fifty cents a pack on the
noodles to as much as eighty cents a
pack the vegetable costs about a dollar
we can't including account of chicken
broth and that typically is about a
dollar and in the and the fish balls are
about three bucks for the pack and if
you do the math this is
I would guesstimate somewhere under ten
bucks and we're going to serve at what
pot of noodles that was certified people
so
that's what you call survival skills
save a lot of money
by